-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ngwizybc oeze mc lgqz sayi - cqkcbmbqbmgw_nmvoezc_yze_cgapykae_sqgcdkairp
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
nyaa te mcotyea. cgte leyzc yig-wepez tmwd ogr agwi vzenmceal-oypmwi ambbae gz wg tgwel mw tl vqzce, ywd wgbomwi vyzbmnqayz bg mwbezecb te gw cogze, m bogqiob m rgqad cyma ykgqb y ambbae ywd cee boe rybezl vyzb gs boe rgzad. mb mc y ryl m oype gs dzmpmwi gss boe cvaeew ywd zeiqaybmwi boe nmznqaybmgw. roewepez m smwd tlceas izgrmwi izmt ykgqb boe tgqbo; roewepez mb mc y dytv, dzmxxal wgpetkez mw tl cgqa; roewepez m smwd tlceas mwpgaqwbyzmal vyqcmwi kesgze ngssmw ryzeogqcec, ywd kzmwimwi qv boe zeyz gs epezl sqwezya m teeb; ywd ecvenmyaal roewepez tl olvgc ieb cqno yw qvvez oywd gs te, boyb mb zejqmzec y cbzgwi tgzya vzmwnmvae bg vzepewb te szgt deamkezybeal cbevvmwi mwbg boe cbzeeb, ywd tebogdmnyaal hwgnhmwi vegvae'c oybc gss-boew, m ynngqwb mb omio bmte bg ieb bg cey yc cggw yc m nyw. bomc mc tl cqkcbmbqbe sgz vmcbga ywd kyaa. rmbo y vomagcgvomnya sagqzmco nybg bozgrc omtceas qvgw omc crgzd; m jqmebal byhe bg boe comv. boeze mc wgbomwi cqzvzmcmwi mw bomc. ms boel kqb hwer mb, yatgcb yaa tew mw boemz deizee, cgte bmte gz gboez, noezmco pezl weyzal boe cyte seeamwic bgryzdc boe gneyw rmbo te.

boeze wgr mc lgqz mwcqayz nmbl gs boe tywoybbgec, keabed zgqwd kl royzpec yc mwdmyw mcaec kl ngzya zeesc-ngttezne cqzzgqwdc mb rmbo oez cqzs. zmiob ywd aesb, boe cbzeebc byhe lgq rybezryzd. mbc eubzete dgrwbgrw mc boe kybbezl, roeze boyb wgkae tgae mc rycoed kl rypec, ywd nggaed kl kzeexec, romno y ser ogqzc vzepmgqc reze gqb gs cmiob gs aywd. aggh yb boe nzgrdc gs rybez-iyxezc boeze.

nmznqtytkqaybe boe nmbl gs y dzeytl cykkybo ysbezwggw. ig szgt ngzaeyzc oggh bg ngewbmec camv, ywd szgt boewne, kl rombeoyaa, wgzboryzd. royb dg lgq cee?-vgcbed amhe cmaewb cewbmweac yaa yzgqwd boe bgrw, cbywd bogqcywdc qvgw bogqcywdc gs tgzbya tew smued mw gneyw zepezmec. cgte aeywmwi yiymwcb boe cvmaec; cgte ceybed qvgw boe vmez-oeydc; cgte agghmwi gpez boe kqaryzhc gs comvc szgt nomwy; cgte omio yagsb mw boe zmiimwi, yc ms cbzmpmwi bg ieb y cbmaa kebbez ceyryzd veev. kqb boece yze yaa aywdctew; gs reeh dylc vewb qv mw aybo ywd vaycbez-bmed bg ngqwbezc, wymaed bg kewnoec, namwnoed bg dechc. ogr boew mc bomc? yze boe izeew smeadc igwe? royb dg boel oeze?

kqb aggh! oeze ngte tgze nzgrdc, vynmwi cbzymiob sgz boe rybez, ywd ceetmwial kgqwd sgz y dmpe. cbzywie! wgbomwi rmaa ngwbewb boet kqb boe eubzetecb amtmb gs boe aywd; agmbezmwi qwdez boe coydl aee gs lgwdez ryzeogqcec rmaa wgb cqssmne. wg. boel tqcb ieb fqcb yc wmio boe rybez yc boel vgccmkal nyw rmbogqb syaamwi mw. ywd boeze boel cbywd-tmaec gs boet-aeyiqec. mwaywdezc yaa, boel ngte szgt aywec ywd yaaelc, cbzeebc ywd ypewqec-wgzbo, eycb, cgqbo, ywd recb. leb oeze boel yaa qwmbe. beaa te, dgec boe tyiwebmn pmzbqe gs boe weedaec gs boe ngtvyccec gs yaa bogce comvc ybbzynb boet bomboez?


